our spark friction just listened beyond
the market striction make you somersault
before you hit the grinder change
position it's my decision this division
the truly a vision the mission that's
really malicious and repetitious the
strike up the piano key just leaves
fulfilling Lee helping me proceeds ever
clean the thoughts opera theme ideas up
the Steve Steve Leuthold a comatose like
you spoke to the Parana weaned my sanity
insanity is warming rapidly wrapping the
rock lap the brush in the world my
racket see damn blasted me Pete grab the
audacity the live cast me not thinking
about the casualties intense marksman in
with the rightful swallowed by the
darkness and monsters disciples that's
right fool company right behind you the
earth cries while the devil recites you
fuck these parasites trying to drink the
life out of me gradually train anatomy
surviving tragedy stretch walk my boss
just like you wore a tick take my
portraits off your walls and sick
politics turn wine that guzzle gallons
of wine take my time they redefined the
are Tehran where rivers intertwine my
flow becomes unstoppable I make my own
path knocking down all these obstacles
the last flap will tell you I'm gonna
only before the moment hold my breath
I'll let you hold it
nothing lasts forever put a price on
your leather cursed you a nice letter
doesn't make me feel any better
screw loose Acela bring it down your
dream house when I practice mouth I'm
knock your teeth out you can't escape
the pain was surrounded by strikes
before beyond the strikes I just hold on